Blogging.
So we have the first plate created succinctly.
The type is local because we chose our local library then.
It is not me.
This library is not shared for the other Vicent over the password.
We don't give it any password automatic synchronisation.
We do not have any automatic synchronization because this is a locally.
Then how much templates are really built inside this one.
Mean the template of the virtual machine.
Then other library storage you use it.
Several megabytes then creation that today and last modification of these Content Library last synchronization
not available because we do not use external promptly.
So if we click on it or we just simply click right there we see the details about this one.
What is a local content library.
This is a quick overview about it.
They have the Samari that give you information about this one.
And it the logo of the constant library local that store zero bytes Atum streaming optimisation.
No.
Then the date and the last modification datastore is in the lunch or the starter is normal the type
is VTM else the capacity and the free space that exists in the lab.
Number two so do we have some config.
Of course we can configure this one if you remember when we could use this one and chose that work locally
without repletion it.
We can click on edits and we can chose to publish this content to liberty externally so we click on
it give you Do you have all of this constantly Bradie if you remember this want to subscribe to our
content library thats me.
Anyone who want to connect to the library should use this.
Your When center vote and all and do information right here.
And if you remember issue us if we chose to publish this one across the GDP you will see that Lancry
terror will be ETP and not issue utopias.
Then if you want to add a password we simply click on here at the post war and so on and so on.
So this is not our situation right here because we dont have another external the center server to use
it to connect to this one.
Then we have the template.
How much dominates we have in this new content library.
Of course the complete right here does not mean the name top right.
We put only the complete name right there to know that this is about the Toeplitz of the virtual machine.
Then some other times if you want to add some other types of file.
So if we check this one and try to import it in the template thats mean we want to put our templates
of our virtual machine.
So you see import import of the package content library.
We click on this then we select the if package or other find tip import.
If we have for example your URL or the view if we can put it right here then it will upload.
Because of that virtual machine or that template of the virtual machine.
Then we have a look at if you want to chose the template from the look and of course we don't have any
templates right here if you remember when we are back to do is X I host right here and we try to export
our virtual machine like that.
We chose it as its export of the plate that we want to export as virtual machine as an avi populate
we can back to constantly Berardi and to upload the avi fine inside this content library like that.
So we started we have only five we put a new name right here and do not write here.
This template that we created in this country.
Of course we dont have any templates available right.
No lets try to create a template for our virtual machine.
So we want to chose a numpty virtual machine to avoid that type.
It has not been Windows 7 but its an empty virtual machine.
We got to Cloyne
Claunch a place in a library they know we have the Pompey's exists of course if we already have a template
of this virtual machine exists in the library we can use this one to do it or to update the existing
employees.
But no we don't have if you want to click right here would give it a name to the one for example the
entry template like that then the description Breezer much of that is on network that we want to keep
it the same MAC address of course it's not recommended every time when you deploy a virtual machine
from the companies you need to get on your mac address didn't include extra configuration.
If you want to add some configuration of the operation system like do the user name the password and
so on and so on.
So we click OK.
It would create a complete
that is to export populate.
Let's hate are getting start with all needed.
So the expert says will take a little time and do if we were to be available in the content the body
export of the complete upload fight if you remember from the previous course we see all the step.
So cloning two of you have done plate's export to over populate then upload file then transfer files
to a shared storage from the is X Y number 3 then upload it to the library.
It creates the template inside the local host of this virtual machine.
Then upload fine.
So if we're back to the complete content library template No we have our plates.
Let's call it win 7 Number three template.
So you know next video for more details.